feature/opensearch (#1114)
i-dot-ai/redbox: README.md

3. func = `django.core.management.call_command`
4. args = `"delete_expired_data"`
5. save

## Vector databases

We are currently using ElasticSearch as our vector database. 

> We have also successfully deployed Redbox to OpenSearch Serverless but this support shouldbe considered experimental 

Reviewer: space in `shouldbe`

> We have also successfully deployed Redbox to OpenSearch Serverless but this support shouldbe considered experimental 

Author: ```suggestion
We have also successfully deployed Redbox to OpenSearch Serverless but this support should be considered experimental 
```
